declarations: -> epislon
type: -> BOOL_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> BOOL_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> BOOL_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> BOOL_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> INT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> INT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> INT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> INT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> FLOAT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> FLOAT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> FLOAT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
type: -> FLOAT_TYPE
declaration: -> type ID SEMICOLON
declarations: -> declarations declaration
statements: -> epislon
scope: -> LEFT_CURLY declarations statements RIGHT_CURLY
program: -> scope
